
		  ,  ICICS 2010 Twelfth
  International Conference on Information and Communications Security Barcelona December 15-17, 2010  ,   , CALL FOR PAPERS (截稿日期：2010年7月15日)  ,   ,  Conference Topics , Original
papers on all aspects of Information and Communications Security are solicited
for submission to ICICS 2010. This international conference will be the 12th
event in the ICICS series, started in 1997, which will bring together
individuals involved in multiple disciplines to foster exchange of ideas.  , Topics of
interest include, but are not limited to, access control, anonymity and
privacy, applied cryptography, biometric security, data and system integrity,
fraud control, information hiding, intrusion detection, key management and
recovery, risk evaluation, watermarking and digital fingerprinting, and
security certification. Security applications of interest comprise, among
others, computer networks, databases, distributed systems and grid computing,
e-commerce, e-voting, intellectual property, mobile computing, and software
protection. ,   ,  Instructions for Authors , Authors
are invited to submit original papers not previously published nor submitted in
parallel for publication to any other conference, workshop or journal. All
submitted papers must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations,
acknowledgements, or obvious references.  , Submissions
should be in English, as a PDF or PS file with all fonts embedded, in the
Springer-Verlag LNCS format, typeset with 11pt font, and using reasonable spacing and margins.
Papers should not exceed 12 A4-sized
pages including the bibliography, but excluding well-marked appendices. Note
that papers should be intelligible without all appendices, since committee
members are not required to read them. Submitted papers may risk being rejected
directly without consideration of their merits if they do not follow all the
above submission instructions. ,   ,   ,  Important Dates , Paper submission deadline July 15, 2010 , Notification of acceptance  September 20, 2010 , Camera-ready due October 5, 2010 , Conference  December 15-17, 2010 ,   ,  Conference Committee , Complete List , http://www.icics2010.org/committee , Program Co-Chairs , Sihan Qing , Peking
  University China , Miguel Soriano , Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya Spain , General Chair , Javier López , University
  of Málaga Spain ,   ,  Additional Information , WWW: www.icics2010.org , eMail:  



    